Farming Docs Improvement (#39)
subspace/subspace-docs: protocol_versioned_docs/version-gemini-1b-2022-june-10/farm/farming.mdx

If you're connected directly without any router, then again nothing needs to be done in such case.

## II. Installation

---

:::tip Looking for all Releases?
You can always find these executables in the [Releases](https://github.com/subspace/subspace/releases) section on our GitHub
:::

We will be downloading two files for your respective operating system. 
1. `Subspace-Node` - This is the executable that actually makes the connection with the Subspace Network
2. `Subspace-Farmer` - This is the executable that will actually farm for rewards on your allocated storage plot.

- *Those using Docker will not have to download anything, just configure the `docker-compose.yml`*

<Tabs groupId="OS">

<TabItem value="docker" label="🐋 Docker" default>

  1. Create `subspace` directory and `docker-compose.yml` in it with following contents:
  
  ```yml
  version: "3.7"
  services:
    node:

>       # For running on Aarch64 add `-aarch64` after `DATE`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # For running on Aarch64 add `-aarch64` at the end of the following line
```

  # alternatively specify path to the directory where files will be stored, just make
  # sure everyone is allowed to write there
        - node-data:/var/subspace:rw
  #      - /path/to/subspace-node:/var/subspace:rw
      ports:
  # If port 30333 is already occupied by another Substrate-based node, replace all
  # occurrences of `30333` in this file with another value
        - "0.0.0.0:30333:30333"
      restart: unless-stopped
      command: [
        "--chain", "gemini-1",
        "--base-path", "/var/subspace",
        "--execution", "wasm",
        "--pruning", "1024",
        "--keep-blocks", "1024",
        "--port", "30333",
        "--rpc-cors", "all",
        "--rpc-methods", "safe",
        "--unsafe-ws-external",
        "--validator",
  # Replace `INSERT_YOUR_ID` with your node ID (will be shown in telemetry)
        "--name", "INSERT_YOUR_ID"
      ]
      healthcheck:
        timeout: 5s
  # If node setup takes longer then expected, you want to increase `interval` and `retries` number.
        interval: 30s
        retries: 5

    farmer:
      depends_on:
        node:
          condition: service_healthy

>       # For running on Aarch64 add `-aarch64` after `DATE`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # For running on Aarch64 add `-aarch64` at the end of the following line
```

  2022-06-02T00:02:04.617553Z  INFO subspace_farmer::multi_farming: Opening plot
  2022-06-02T00:02:04.645422Z  INFO subspace_farmer::multi_farming: Opening commitments
  2022-06-02T00:02:04.666925Z  INFO subspace_farmer::farming: Subscribing to slot info notifications
  2022-06-02T00:02:04.688218Z  INFO subspace_farmer::archiving: Subscribing to archived segments
  2022-06-02T00:02:04.689129Z  INFO subspace_farmer::commands::farm: WS RPC server listening on 127.0.0.1:9955
  2022-06-02T00:02:09.492868Z  INFO subspace_farmer::archiving: Plotted segment segment_index=0
  2022-06-02T00:02:09.492868Z  INFO subspace_farmer::archiving: Plotted segment segment_index=1
  2022-06-02T00:02:09.492868Z  INFO subspace_farmer::archiving: Plotted segment segment_index=2
  2022-06-02T00:02:09.492868Z  INFO subspace_farmer::archiving: Plotted segment segment_index=3
  2022-06-02T00:02:09.492868Z  INFO subspace_farmer::archiving: Plotted segment segment_index=4
  2022-06-02T00:02:09.492868Z  INFO subspace_farmer::archiving: Plotted segment segment_index=5
  ```

  8. You are now Farming! Just wait for your node to fully sync, and for your farmer to fully plot.

</TabItem>

> <TabItem value="linux" label="🐧Linux">

Reviewer: I think we need to call this Ubuntu, they are not guaranteed to run on all Linux distos because we didn't make them static.

  <div className={styles.buttons}>
    <Link
      className="button button--secondary button--lg"
      to="https://github.com/subspace/subspace/releases/download/gemini-1b-2022-june-10/subspace-node-ubuntu-x86_64-gemini-1b-2022-june-10">
      1. Download Node Executable
    </Link>
    <Link
      className="button button--secondary button--lg"
      to="https://github.com/subspace/subspace/releases/download/gemini-1b-2022-june-10/subspace-farmer-ubuntu-x86_64-gemini-1b-2022-june-10">
      2. Download Farmer Executable
    </Link>
  </div>
  <p>

  </p>

  
  <details>
    <summary>

>     Expand for Arm/Raspberry Pi Images

Reviewer: The reason is that they'll not work on older Raspberry PI or systems that aren't 64-bit:
```suggestion
    Expand for Aarch64/64-bit Raspberry Pi Executables
```

- `./NODE_FILE_NAME purge-chain --base-path /path/to/data --chain gemini-1` : erases data related to the node if data were stored in `/path/to/data`

Examples:
```bash
# Replace `FARMER_FILE_NAME` with the name of the node file you downloaded from releases
./FARMER_FILE_NAME farm --help
./FARMER_FILE_NAME wipe
```

## IV. Advanced

---

### Storing Data on the Subspace Network

We are still early in our development but would love to see people start to build on subspace. refer to you npm package [subspace.js](../../../subspacejs/)

### Running an archival node

Instructions above will get you full node (doesn't store the history and state of the whole blockchain, only last 1024
blocks). If you want to opt in to storing the whole history (archival node), remove following parameters (lines) from
above instructions before starting your node:
* `--pruning 1024`
* `--keep-blocks 1024`

And instead add this:
* `--pruning archive`

Archival node is useful if you run an RPC node and want to support querying older blockchain history.

NOTE: You can't switch between full and archival node without wiping it, so if you need that, follow steps in

> [Switching to a new snapshot](#switching-to-a-new-snapshot) section above.

Reviewer: We have this section at the top, do we still need it down here?
